## Vanier FLOSS Day 25 Orga Meeting #3, September 13th, 2025

### Participants
- Qian (partially)
- You Duo (partially)
- Tassia
- Jonas
- Vedika
- Zeel
- Ahmet
- Tiago

### Location

The 5th floor of the Library is reserved for us on Oct 14th (contacts: Caroline & Pascale).

After a lot of discussion and a round of votes, the library was chosen as the preferred choice (6 x 2).

Even with the downside that the Library is not a place to deliver talks by design, the majority of us feel like it will be give a better vibe to the event.

Although the auditorium is more technologically equipped (the space is designed for presentations), it has the downside of being too big (400 seats) and some are not too keen on the fact that the space imposes a distance between speakers and audience.

Things to note:

- Projector arrangement (podium+screen) must be discussed with IT (Kobe), possibly tested on the week prior to the event.
- We are planning to have around 100 seats, can be adjusted according to registration.
- We can also use 5 study rooms, 5-8 people each, small groups in hands-on workshops.
- We must print signs and make sure people from outside can easily find the 5th floor.
- Food can be served at: D-cafeteria, STEM center and (maybe) TASC (need to check)

TODO: Auditorium is still booked, must be released (maybe wait for a final thumbs up from Qian and Yu Duo, as neither of them were present at the end of the meeting?).

### Content

Tassia started making contacts and has some guests being lined-up.

It seems we might fill out the schedule just with invitations, so leave the public call for lightning talks?

A draft schedule will be sent on the discord server by the end of the coming week.

### Draft plan

#### Sep 20 (Saturday)
- Poster design, Zeel (collaboration with Sabrina CSSA)
#### Sep 25 (Thursday)
- Stickers design, Vedika (check printing with Anghelos)
#### Sep 29 (Monday)
- Schedule with main topics & guest speakers, Tassia
- Public announcements, Zeel
- Registration open, Qian & Yu Duo
  - Require/recommend people registering to workshops to bring their own device.
#### Oct 7 (Tuesday)
- Food plan (based on registrations), Vedika & Tassia
- Projector setup test
- Scheduling computer labs (if needed)
