# Vanier FLOSS Day 25 Orga Meeting #2, August 27th, 2025

## Location

- Library 5th floor may be available to us.

  - \+ It is a smaller and more approachable place.

  - \- Doesn't have a fixed projector (might also need to be tuned after installed), harder to control the computer in the front without blocking the projector.

  - \- It is not a place to deliver talks by design.

- Auditorium booked for the day, 08:00 to 14:00.

  - \+ It is more technologically equipped, and is a place designed for presentations.
  - \- It may be too large and look too empty/non-approchable to us (considering the scale of the event).

- ***Current Decision***: library **preferred**, but auditorium available as a fallback option.

  - > [from Qian] are we allowed to take the auditorium without using it now that we reserved it (as there will be technician for us)?

- ***Decisions to Make***:

  - Where to we want to be? Taking **the amount of people** we might have and *how much we want to move people around* into consideration.
  - Where to serve food and drink? One of the option would be STEM Centre, or the hallway outside (of the library, D5, or the building engineering hall).(note: food and drink are not allowed in neither place)

## Scheduling

- Based on the **past experience**, we want more time for

  1. lignting talks
  2. workshops and hand-on stuff

- For workshops:

  - provide **somewhat detailed description**, prerequisites and *dificulty level label* for each workshop.
  - have a short demo session during the talk times to attract people.

- The exact schedule will depend on the topics and amount of talks we have (also depending on the general topic.

- Maybe having the lightning talks to the morning.

- A draft schedule:

  ```
  08:30am - 09:15am: Mingling and Coffee Time
  09:15am - 09:30am: Welcome & Announcements (schedule, workshop, etc.) @Auditorium/Library.
  09:30am - 10:15am: Intro to F.L.O.S.S. and Licensing @Auditorium/Library (Tassia or someone else).
  10:15am - 11:00am: F.L.O.S.S.: How to get started? @Auditorium/Library (Qian).
  11:00am - 11:30am: [Blender 101 & FLOSS Day SWAG, title TBD] @Auditorium/Library (Yu Duo).
  11:30am - 12:00am: [Guest/Member Talk 4] @Auditorium/Library (TBD).
  12:00am - 12:30am: [Guest/Member Talk 5] @Auditorium/Library (TBD).
  12:30am - 01:00pm: [Guest/Member Talk 6] @Auditorium/Library (TBD).
  01:00pm - 02:00pm: Group Photo @Auditorium/Library & Lunch Time @TBD.
  02:00am - 02:30pm: [Guest/Member Talk 7] @STEM/Library (TBD).
  02:30pm - 03:15pm: Lightning Talks/Demos, 5min-7min/each @STEM/Library.
  03:00pm - 05:30pm: Social Time @STEM/Library & Workshops @Classrooms.
  ```

### Topics

- Home Lab (Talk/Workshop)
- Flipper Zero/One or Ethical Hacking (an introductory talk?)
- AI-related (Talks)
- Arduino (Talk/Workshop)
  - Guests from Vanier Robotics Team?
- FLOSS Software for Students (Talk/Workshop)
- Debian Demo (Talk/Workshop)
- Raspberry Pi Demo (Talk/Workshop)
- Git Workshops (with two different levels maybe?)

## Preparation TODO

- Sort out technical stuff.
  - Projectors request/setup.
  - Request computer labs.
  - Require/recommend people registering to workshops to bring their own device.
- SWAG
  - 3D Keychain, more to print depending on the registration.
  - Stickers Design & Production (lead by Vedika)
- Promotion of the event.
  - through:
    - MIO
    - Omnivox Banner
    - Social Media (Instagram), possible collab with Vanier CSSA and Vanier Robotics Team
  - Poster Design (Zeel & VCSSA Design Team)
  - Public call for registration (near the end of September)
    - People outside of Vanier (e.g. from other CEGEP) are welcomed.

## TODO Very Soon

- Try secure the library.
- Start pulic calls for content (talks and workshops) by MIO.
- Start design posters (Design Team).
- Next meeting the week of September 8th.
